# SPICE-conversion
Abstraction of RNM from SPICE netlist

SPICE simulation trades off verification performance against accuracy.  This compromise becomes untenable when verification of system-on-chip (SoC) designs containing analog mixed-signal (AMS) content are significantly negatively impacted by requiring SPICE execution that is orders of magnitude slower than the performance hardware emulation systems achieve.  SOCs, particularly those that require software bring-up, are typically verified using hardware emulation to provide acceptable performance.  This is possible because emulation methods are well-suited for digital logic pre-silicon validation.  However, many SoCs contain AMS IP that handle real-world conditions such as voltage, temperature and clock frequency variations, process data from noisy, small-signal inputs such as antennas, and drive outputs that require circuit equalization and tuning.  The AMS content, usually a small fraction of the total SoC transistor count, can't be verified with the large majority of the purely digital logic in emulation.  This is because AMS netlist representation isn't supported by emulation.  Although "fast-SPICE" simulators exist, their performance falls well below emulation speeds.  The technology in this repository addresses this deficiency by analyzing SPICE netlists to extract their behavior, creating a real-number-model (RNM) equivalent that can be emulated.  The tool that implements this technique is called Degem (Hebrew for model).  Example Degem inputs and resultant outputs are in illustrated.  Propreitary data has been excluded.
